Big sister, wait for me.
Big sister!
What the hell is going on?
AFTER THE INVASION, BEFORE FORMER DEPARTMENT OF RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT
Why are you drawing out here?
Shouldn't you be inside getting ready?
What? While I was waiting for you guys,
didn't I finish preparation?
Where's the cat granny?
Miss Yoruichi has gone up first.
Haha, I'm going to tattle.
That idiot. As soon as
I mentioned cat granny,
- I got an immediate answer.
- Okay, let's go in anyway.
Wait a minute.
Why did you let them go first?
Didn't we agree to
go together after we met?
Because the situation changed.
So what if it changed?
What if they die?
Do you believe buying time from the enemy
is more important than keeping them alive?
That's why you sent
Ichigo and Yoruichi off, right?
What?
Is big sister already gone?
No way.
It was unusual for her to call me.
I brought so many things
here to help her out.
I'm sorry.
It's all for the sake of Seireitei
that I sent Miss Yoruichi there first.
Please forgive me.
23RD HEAD OF THE SHIHOIN CLAN,
YUSHIRO SHIHOIN
Alright then.
The things you brought will
definitely be able to help your sister.
Please come in.
I recall now.
I can't stand whenever you say,
"for the sake of Seireitei."
(BLEACH: Thousand-Year Blood War)
May I pass, Ichibe Hyosube?
Despite my repeated warnings,
you still call me by name.
Don't blame me
if your throat gets crushed.
Your king is so bad
that he fled on his own.
Then I'll have no choice
but to kill his heir.
Who is his heir?
From here.
To here.
I will defeat you within this range.
It appears to be a fairly broad range.
I only have three more steps
to take before you die, Ichibe Hyosube.
I've told you.
Don't casually call me by name.
Senri Tsutensho.
Whatever this hand strikes will
fly thousands of miles away.
Didn't I tell you?
Don't blame me
if your throat gets crushed.
Just keep going for
another thousand miles.
Do some serious introspection.
I give voice to myself.
Sankt Bogen!
I didn't expect you to rocket yourself
upward by shooting yourself.
You're so annoying.
You called me by name after I asked
you not to. You came back after I hit you.
Despite your age,
you're still a mischievous brat.
I have no choice
since you won't listen to me.
I can only kill you.
I'll wait for you to be mentally prepared.
But it makes no difference
to me who I kill first.
Regret it. You shouldn't be grateful
you don't fight His Majesty.
Whatever power you used,
it wasn't enough to break my confinement.
I'm in, too.
Take this!
What a waste to end the bath so quickly
in such a lovely hot spring.
After I vanquish you, I'll consider
whether or not to bathe in it.
I'll show you what outdoor
hot spring sunbathing is like.
Kinpika.
I finally got to show off my skills,
but others took my prey.
And Yuha is there too.
It's not over yet.
That is insufficient to kill me.
What?
His Majesty only took me in
because I couldn't die.
Is my ability that useless?
I hate it the most.
When I think of my power,
I feel as if I'm on the verge of death.
My Schrift is D.
My power is The Deathdealing.
I can calculate the perfect lethal dose
of any substance
I take into my body that cause death.
I can even change the amount as I see fit.
What?
It's difficult to understand, right?
I didn't get it at first either.
But you don't need to know.
Even if you don't understand, it's okay.
All you need to know is
that you're going to die.
I'm lowering the lethal dose
of blood in your body.
When the blood that allows you
to sustain life flows more in your body,
you are getting closer to death.
You must be in pain.
There's nothing you can do about it.
This is what it feels like to be lethal.
I understand it very well.
Because we are the same.
I won't let you take and collect
the Reishi of confinement.
Licht Regen.
That is too weak.
it's just like a spring rain.
What's wrong?
I am about to break
the shield you are so proud of.
Do you think you can break it?
Of course. Isn't it obvious?
You blocked it?
Impossible.
You're almost dying, aren't you?
You've never taken me seriously, have you?
In either my manner of speech
or the impressions I give,
I must appear to you as a nobody.
But it doesn't matter.
Although I used to care a lot.
Lately I keep telling myself
that this is my strength.
Being gloomy can give other a fatal blow.
Thanks for your explanation.
Since you lowered my blood's lethal dose,
too much blood will kill me.
Then all I have to do is let the blood out
till it is below the lethal dose.
You're so reckless.
But it's not that simple.
You should weigh roughly 60 kg.
You make an accurate guess
just like a doctor. I weigh 62 kg.
The amount of blood per kg
is approximately 65.7 milliliters.
If you weigh 62 kg,
it is approximately 4 liters.
If you lose 2 liters, half of your blood,
you would die from blood loss.
Your current lethal dose of blood
is roughly 1.6 liters.
That is, even if you don't drain
all of your blood until you die,
you will be killed by
your own blood in the end.
It's likely that you no longer know
whether you're standing or laying down.
I see. That's a headache.
What am I supposed to do,
Tenjiro?
Are you surprised?
Tenjiro's hot spring has the ability
to extract blood and Spiritual Pressure.
But that refers to the white hot spring.
And for this red hot spring, it can
replenish all lost blood with new blood.
Do I look cool after the rebirth?
Yes, you look cool.
Compared with you, I am...
I thought I won in the end.
I underestimated you.
That's killing me.
I don't mind rain,
but I despise getting my clothes wet.
So this is the battle of the Squad 0.
Well, monk, it's all up
to your performance now.
Your expression has changed dramatically.
Is that so?
You seem really happy.
But you have taken on a ferocious
expression when you determined to kill me.
However, is that all you got
even after your expression has changed?
You blocked it with your arm?
My brush can't cut flesh,
and it can cut names.
I just cut your arm's name in half.
Now, you have only the half of the name.
Does your arm feel very heavy?
Only half of your muscle strength
and half of your abilities remain.
Your arm can now only do half
of what it once could.
You'll be too weak
to even wield your sword.
Look, you're cut in half.
What do you think after being cut in half?
How does it feel to be defeated by
Soul Reaper leader you loathe
who uses half strength,
the leader of Quincies
with half of the abilities?
VISORED
CONFINEMENT
Wait a moment.
Don't suck so much blood at one go.
I don't want to die yet.
What nonsense are you talking about?
How many times do I have to tell you
that you're already dead?
Give me back my blood!
Bambi, you're so cute.
So cute. You're even cute when dead.
I like you. I really do.
Like you.
Got you. So you're still alive.
Of course.
What happened to your face?
It appears that
you have been severely beaten.
Did you lose?
I was beaten by PePe.
Lousy.
Shut up.
What happened to PePe?
I killed him. He's not very tasty.
That's gross.
Where are Minnie and Candy?
Candy went to deal with the enemy.
Minnie was mind-controlled
by PePe and I knocked her out.
She should be still alive.
We can't waste our power
before His Majesty arrives.
Will he really come down?
Yuha, it appears like a thousand years
is too short for you to reflect.
But don't worry.
I won't keep you reflecting long.
You just have to reflect until eternity.
Rise, the badge of silver, grey plains,
and the ring road hidden by the aura.
The onyx eyeball, the golden tongue.
The cup of the skull,
the coffin of the gods.
The thing you hold high is your heart.
What's wrong?
Auswahlen.
What's that light?
I don't feel good. Let's run.
Damn it, my wings...
Are our powers waning?
What's going on?
Reishi...
No.
Even the power inscribed within
souls has been taken away?
What's happening?
What's happening, Your Majesty?
What the hell is going on?
What on earth are we to you?
Of course, you're my companions.
What's wrong? What's happened?
I was about to ask the same thing.
Your Majesty, is this your doing?
Bambi, I'm not going to die.
I'm not going to die, Bambi.
I definitely won't die.
Of course.
Who's going to die?
How could I...
How could I die here?
Nanao, Okikiba.
May I leave the Squad 1?
The Soul King Palace is in peril,
not Seireitei.
What's going on?
You definitely are ruthless, stealing
the abilities of your companions.
We are companions, and we help each other.
Resurrect.
Keep going.
What's this situation?
Auswahlen.
Take the life and power
of unnecessary Quincies
and transfer them to those in need.
This is power reallocation.
Those who lose their power die.
Those who gain power not only
get stronger, but they can also revive.
It's one of His Majesty's abilities.
The scale has been tipped.
(BLEACH Episode 25)
We will obliterate Squad 0.
(The Master)
Oh my, everything
is completely destroyed.
Can we rebuild the Seireitei's structures
after defeating the enemy?
What do you think, Ukitake?
It makes no difference whether it can be
restored or destroyed. Simply rebuild it.
I knew you would say that.
They were the ones who allowed the enemy
to invade Soul King Palace, right?
You've noticed?
Kamikake has already foreseen this.
Yeah.
It seems Kamikake was successful.
So, it wouldn't be a problem
if you showed off a bit, right?
You sound like a doctor.
I'm leaving. Be careful on your own.
See you later.
Wait. Where are you going, Kyoraku?
I'm going for a drink.
Catch the lines falling from the clouds.
Splash, splash.
Falling onto the white fields
and becoming skeletons.
(BLEACH Episode 26: Black)